What is going on guys? Trey coming back at
your screen by means of the world wide web
and today for you guys we got the new Grand
Gaia Wars dungeon here guys! So crusade of
the six heroes. Eze has now been added. So
make sure you go and battle against Eze guys.
You get some really nice rewards. There's
3 levels total for Eze and you wanna do all,
well you're going to have to do all 3 but
you will be rewarded well. You get tons of
zel, tons of karma, a nice unique sphere,
some gems, all kinds of goodies guys. But
this is a legendary dungeon so do not take
it lightly but if you are able to accomplish
the task, you get a sphere. It's called Batootha,
a boost to attack and defense by thirty percent
and also it increases damage dealt during
sparks by fifty percent. So pretty nice sphere.
You can only attain the prizes once though
guys. So don't try to be greedy. But lets
go take this on guys. I'm going to show you
guys how to we can accomplish the task gem
free baby. So here it is, the unrivaled fool.
I've already done it. Fifty energy, three
battles. Thunder Hero Eze vol. 3 - in a violent
battle with the gods, he almost loses what
matters to him most. Watch as he unlocks his
true power. So we gonna knock this out for
you guys. This may be my best choice here.
Need to level up that bb but it'll do. It
will do. So you definitely want to come in
here with a crit squad guys. I like Mare and
Zebra and then with this item setup, its pretty
effective. Its the item setup i personally
like to use along with this squad. They accomplish
the task quite well i must say. So lets jump
on into it. Have some fun with it baby. Here
we go. Only thing i want sure is that battle
effects are off. Dont want none of that. Alright.
so, heres how we are going to do this guys.
first of all, gotta use the holy flute. need
that. next, what i like to do is I like to
keep one fujin on standby, kinda like insurance.
keep it as backup. but other than that we
just get down to business guys. so here we
go. lets do it. hopefully no miss swipes.
good. no miss swipes that time. so should
be a o k for this round. big damage. big damage.
nice. so everybody should be nice and full.
good job. get some nice goodies up out of
the treasure chest and we are back for round
2. here we go. holy flute and then we do it
again. so here we go. alright. 2nd round done.
just like that baby. and if you are paying
close attention, i mean really close attention,
you will already see why i keep a fujin on
standby. but if you haven't yet i'm going
to go ahead and show you regardless. so here
we are. holy thunder eze, the legendary man
himself. as you can see my boy Douglas was
the only one that fell a little bit short
here. so give him a fujin, boost everybody
up with a brute elixir, give them a nice big
boost to their attack and then lets do it
again. lets do it again guys. here we go.
and that is how you do it if want to accomplish
this dungeon gem free baby. 0 problems. didn't
even get hit. beautiful. thats how we do it
guys. nice work. nice work. alright so remember
when you defeat this dungeon you get a ton
of zel, ton of karma, you get the batootha
sphere, and 3 gems. so good stuff there guys.
really good stuff. so you definitely want
to take care of that guys. so there we have
it. real quick run just showing you guys how
to do level 3 of Eze's legendary dungeon gem
free. So i hope you guys enjoyed it. Please
continue to like, subscribe, favorite,share,comment
and everything else and of course i will be
back at your screen with more Brave Frontier
Global soon guys. Later!